## Abstract  

A Wiper Speed Control System Controls the operational speed of the wiper in accordance with the rain condition.
This Wiper Speed Control System is used in all types of vehicles the main purpose is to clean the rain air drops present in front screen of the vehicles. 
It is very difficult to drive the vehicles in rain condition so in this case we will use wipers to clean the front screen of vehicles which is mirror so that we can drive the vehicles even in rain also.


  Over the past two decades, the automotive industry has aggressively researched ways to exploit modern computing and electronic advances in the development of safety, reliability, and entertainment technologies for vehicles. With drivers exposed to an ever increasing number of distractions,rain-sensing wiper systems become an even more appealing feature, as they work to minimize the time the driver must take his/her hands off the wheel. Most traditional systems offer intermittent as well as variable speed operation. The traditional wiper system however requires driver constant attention in adjusting the wiper speed. Traditional windshield wiper speed constantly varies according to time and vehicle’s speed. Because the manual adjustment of the wiper distracts driver's attention, which may be a direct cause accidentsiper automatically cording to the amount of water on the windshield and in addition with also in advance removal of moisture inside the car while raining.The majority of motor vehicles, including cars, trucks, buses, locomotives, watercraft with enclosed cabins, and some aircraft, are fitted with one or more such wipers, which are usually legal requirements. Wiper system improve visibility of driving and can be considered as an integral part of the vehicle safety system.


When there is rain in weather conditions while driving vehicles, the visibility is compromised at the driver end in the car or vehicles we say which poses a great threat to life.as so In this situation, the wiper control system which we are going to develop comes to the rescue. But the traditional wiper speed control system requires constant driver attention in adjusting the wiper speed based on the severity of rain in a weather conditions. Because this manual we are making adjustment of the wiper speed distracts the driver's attention, it can lead to accidents which is in dangerous zone  thus making the existence of this whole system futile.
